README.md, before:

# Professional Firmware for the Creality Ender 3 V2/S1 Printers

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1.svg)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1.svg)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=Ender3V2S1-Released)](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/actions)

## Universal RET6/RCT6 Ender 3 V2/S1 Edition

Please test this firmware and let us know if it misbehaves in any way.
Volunteers are standing by!  
Precompiled binary files can be downloader from:
[Latest Release](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/releases/latest)

<img aling=left height=240 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/Ender-3V2.jpg" /> <img height=300 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/Ender-3S1.jpg" />
<BR/>

## Wiki
 - [How to install the firmware](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/How-to-install-the-firmware)
 - [Installing a 3D/BLTouch](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/3D-BLTouch)
 - [Color themes](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/Color-Themes)
 - [How to use with Octoprint](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/Octoprint)
  
## Community links
* [Telegram](https://t.me/ender3v2s1firmware)
* [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Ender3v2Firmware) 
* [Ender 3V2 Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ender3v2firmware)
* [Ender 3S1 Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ender3s1printer)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/Ender3V2S1-Released/screenshots/main.jpg)

## Credits

This is a Marlin based firmware and is maintained by [@mriscoc](https://github.com/mriscoc)  

This work would not be possible without the supporters, helpers and betatesters at the **Telegram** group.

Marlin firmware is an Open Source project hosted on Github, [Marlin](https://marlinfw.org/) is owned and maintained by the maker community.  

## Disclaimer  

THIS FIRMWARE AND ALL OTHER FILES IN THE DOWNLOAD ARE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE WITH NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE. SUPPORT IS NOT INCLUDED JUST BECAUSE YOU DOWNLOADED THE FIRMWARE. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PRINTER, PERSON, OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY DUE TO USE OF THIS FIRMWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS THEN DO NOT USE THE FIRMWARE.

## LICENSE
For the license, check the header of each file, if the license is not specified there, the project license will be used. Marlin is licensed under the GPL.

Commit message:

What's New in APRIL2022 release 20220419 * New toolbar with 11 configurable shortcuts actions. * New Advanced / Mesh Leveling menu * Versions with extended UBL support (tilt, smart fill, multiple slots, etc.) * Mesh editor for fine tuning * Automatic maximize leveling area * Automatic center leveling area * Menu item for setting the default mesh fade height * Consolidates firmware retract options in a submenu * Support in source code of control menus for LED lights as the Neopixel * Improves g-code preview stability * Experimental support for Ender3S1-STM32F401RCT6

README.md, after:

# Professional Firmware for the Creality Ender 3 V2/S1 Printers

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1.svg)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1.svg)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=Ender3V2S1-Released)](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/actions)

## Universal RET6/RCT6 Ender 3 V2/S1 Edition

Please test this firmware and let us know if it misbehaves in any way.
Volunteers are standing by!  
Precompiled binary files can be downloader from:
[Latest Release](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/releases/latest)

<img aling=left height=240 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/Ender-3V2.jpg" /> <img height=300 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/Ender-3S1.jpg" />
<BR/>

## Donations
Thank you for your support, I receive donations through [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/mriscoc) and [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/mriscoc)   

[<img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif">](https://www.paypal.com/donate?business=85SPAAR6UZEE8&currency_code=USD)   

## Wiki
 - [How to install the firmware](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/How-to-install-the-firmware)
 - [Installing a 3D/BLTouch](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/3D-BLTouch)
 - [Color themes](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/Color-Themes)
 - [How to use with Octoprint](https://github.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/wiki/Octoprint)
  
## Community links
* [Telegram](https://t.me/ender3v2s1firmware)
* [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Ender3v2Firmware) 
* [Ender 3V2 Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ender3v2firmware)
* [Ender 3S1 Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ender3s1printer)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mriscoc/Ender3V2S1/Ender3V2S1-Released/screenshots/main.jpg)

## Credits

This is a Marlin based firmware and is maintained by [@mriscoc](https://github.com/mriscoc)  

This work would not be possible without the supporters, helpers and betatesters at the **Telegram** group.

Marlin firmware is an Open Source project hosted on Github, [Marlin](https://marlinfw.org/) is owned and maintained by the maker community.  

## Disclaimer  

THIS FIRMWARE AND ALL OTHER FILES IN THE DOWNLOAD ARE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE WITH NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE. SUPPORT IS NOT INCLUDED JUST BECAUSE YOU DOWNLOADED THE FIRMWARE. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PRINTER, PERSON, OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY DUE TO USE OF THIS FIRMWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS THEN DO NOT USE THE FIRMWARE.

## LICENSE
For the license, check the header of each file, if the license is not specified there, the project license will be used. Marlin is licensed under the GPL.
